https://luminas.com/pages/staminapro
For Athletes – LUMINAS Energy Skip to content Clinically Proven Natural Pain Relief 🧬 Clinically Proven Natural Pain Relief 🧬 Login Facebook X (Twitter) Instagram Search Site navigation LUMINAS Energy Search Login Your Cart 0 Site navigation Your Cart 0 Your Cart Your cart is currently empty. Not sure where to start? Try these collections: All products Order special instructions Order note Apply Subtotal $0.00 Checkout Search Search Clear We use cookies This site uses cookies for better user experience and analytics. Accept Decline MAXIMIZE YOUR POTENTIAL Unlock Your Peak Performance and Accelerate Recovery with STAMINAPRO Electroceutical Patches SHOP NOW FASTER RECOVERY, BETER PERFORMANCE STAMINAPRO patches use LUMINAS Electroceutical Charging Technology to deliver non-toxic, drug-free support to reduce inflammation. Less inflammation means faster recovery and ultimately better performance. WATER-RESISTANT Stays on & charged throughout the elements. FOR PERFORMANCE Wear before and/or during physical activity. FOR RECOVERY Wear patches after physical activity. 100% NATURAL Safe for any age, sport, and competitive level. TRUSTED BY 1000'S OF PRO ATHLETES For over 5 years, top athletes from Professional Football, Golf, Baseball, Basketball, Tennis, MMA, Olympic Sports, and more have relied on STAMINAPRO to reduce their frequent pain and inflammation. Professional athletes have access to the latest and greatest technology, and their choice is clear – STAMINAPRO! BACKED BY SCIENCE & CLINICALLY-PROVEN Our patches are clinically proven to: • Reduce pain and inflammation • Hold and release a discreet charge BUY NOW REDUCED INFLAMMATION FOR 94% OF PATIENTS Using digital infrared thermography, skin temperature (inflammation) was notably reduced. SHOP BY SIZE Each designed to treat different areas of the body Max Patch $37.99 STAMINAPRO Medium Patches $39.99 STAMINAPRO Large Patches $51.99 STAMINAPRO Strip Patches $56.99 Max Patch $37.99 STAMINAPRO Medium Patches $39.99 STAMINAPRO Large Patches $51.99 STAMINAPRO Strip Patches $56.99 Max Patch $37.99 The Max Patch contains an intelligent charge that is designed to reduce pain and inflammation on the human body. Each patch was charged for 60 hours with LUMINAS' proprietary technology . Product variants Default Title

            - $37.99 Quantity Add to cart This item is a recurring or deferred purchase. By continuing, I agree to the cancellation policy and authorize you to charge my payment method at the prices, frequency and dates listed on this page until my order is fulfilled or I cancel, if permitted. View full details RECOVER LIKE THE PROS Pros Trust It. So Can You. There's nothing else out there utilizing Electroceutical Charging Technology for chemical-free recovery. BUY NOW STAMINAPRO ATHLETES “I’m a big believer in StaminaPro” Tony Finau PGA Tour Winner “Helps me get through injuries in my training” Molly Seidel Team USA Runner "This is a game changer" Justin Rose Olympic Gold Medalist “Keeps me on the snow all year long” Julia Marino X Games Gold Medalist “Best recovery tool I've used” Rich Froning Jr. 8X Crossfit Games champion “Gets me back on the ice in no time” Erik Johnson NHL Professional Hockey Player “They are part of my toolkit” Steve Stricker PGA Tour Winner “I don't go without them” Cameron Champ PGA Tour Winner “I use it every day” Troy Field US Olympic Team - Beach Volleyball “Staminapro has made a difference in my life” Alissa Kacar Golf Host “I was back to 100%” Kelly Claes US Olympic Team - Beach Volleyball CHOOSE YOUR SIZE Peace Patch $26.99 STAMINAPRO Variety Pack $41.99 STAMINAPRO Large Patches $51.99 STAMINAPRO Strip Patches $56.99 Max Patch $37.99 REAL PEOPLE, REAL RESULTS FAQs What is in the patch? Each STAMINAPRO patch is charged with the electron signatures of ingredients known to reduce pain and inflammation in the body. Our patches have a thin layer of Mylar, which is a capacitive material that’s able to hold the energetic charge of these ingredients. Once the patch is placed onto the skin, the body’s energetic field (known as the Galvanic Skin Response) induces the flow of electrons from the patch into the body. Our patches use 100% natural ingredients and are drug and chemical-free. Our patches contain NO active ingredients, only the electron signatures of each. How does it work? Electrons are imprinted into the patch and work naturally with your body’s own electric field to activate the innate natural healing responses that relieve pain and restore balance. For the geeks and scientists among us: Each patch contains 5.2 x 10^19 molecular structures per square inch, each with 2 oxygen polar bonding areas capable of holding a targeted, host electron, creating a total possible charging capacity equal to 10.4 x 10^19 host electrons per square inch. After considering the average transmission field voltage of humans (200 micro volts) we can calculate the relative capacity, per square inch of patch, at 333 Pico Farads. How long do the patches last? Once applied to the skin, the patches are effective for up to 24 hours. They’re water-resistant so you can wear the patches while bathing, showering, swimming, and exercising. How long does it take to feel relief? Patches begin working immediately but each person feels the effects at different points in time. Once applied to the skin, patches are effective for up to 24 hours. You can wear them while bathing, showering, swimming, and exercising. Can I cut the patches? Do NOT cut the patches. If you cut the patches, the charge will be lost, and the patches will no longer be effective. Can I wear more than one patch at a time? Absolutely! There is no harm in wearing multiple patches. We recommend starting with 2+ patches on or adjacent to the area of pain or discomfort. Then, you can add or remove patches as you feel needed. Do you have product certification from NSF or other testing groups? STAMINAPRO patches contain no active ingredients, no drugs, no chemicals, no supplements. Our products are FDA listed and we are classified as a 510K Exempt Medical Device (equal to any other athletic tape product from a safety perspective). STAMINAPRO Patches are devices listed with the FDA and manufactured in California in an establishment registered with the FDA. The patches are categorized as a Class I Medical Device and FDA regulated under §890.5710. Representations regarding the efficacy and safety of Luminas have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. These products are not intended to diagnose, prevent, treat, or cure any disease. When can I expect my order to arrive? STAMINAPRO ships most orders on the same day if placed before 3:00pm PST. We ship via USPS First Class Mail by default, which typically takes 2-5 days domestically, and 3-14 days in most countries outside the US. If you choose the expedited option, we ship via USPS Express Mail, which typically arrives 1-2 days after the order was placed. What is the return policy? STAMINAPRO has a 30-day return policy. More than half of the patches must be unused and returned within 30-days of purchase to qualify for a full refund. Please contact our Customer Experience team for any questions or concerns. Email : train@staminapro.com Tel : (844) 366-1400 Clinically Tested & Proven 30-Day Money Back Guarantee Friendly Customer Support © 2025 LUMINAS Energy. Privacy policy Refund policy Shipping policy Terms of service Do not sell or share my personal information Country/region United States (USD $) United States (USD $) American Express Apple Pay Bancontact Diners Club Discover Google Pay iDEAL JCB Mastercard PayPal Shop Pay Venmo Visa Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh. Opens in a new window.

==================================================

https://luminas.com/policies/privacy-policy
Privacy policy – LUMINAS Energy Skip to content Clinically Proven Natural Pain Relief 🧬 Clinically Proven Natural Pain Relief 🧬 Login Facebook X (Twitter) Instagram Search Site navigation LUMINAS Energy Search Login Your Cart 0 Site navigation Your Cart 0 Your Cart Your cart is currently empty. Not sure where to start? Try these collections: All products Order special instructions Order note Apply Subtotal $0.00 Checkout Search Search Clear We use cookies This site uses cookies for better user experience and analytics. Accept Decline Privacy policy Privacy Policy Last updated: May 30, 2023 This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You. We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Interpretation and Definitions Interpretation The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural. Definitions For the purposes of this Privacy Policy: Account means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service. Business , for the purpose of the CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act), refers to the Company as the legal entity that collects Consumers' personal information and determines the purposes and means of the processing of Consumers' personal information, or on behalf of which such information is collected and that alone, or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of consumers' personal information, that does business in the State of California. Company (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Luminas Energy, LLC, 18 Bunsen, Irvine, California, 92618. For the purpose of the GDPR, the Company is the Data Controller. Consumer , for the purpose of the CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act), means a natural person who is a California resident. A resident, as defined in the law, includes (1) every individual who is in the USA for other than a temporary or transitory purpose, and (2) every individual who is domiciled in the USA who is outside the USA for a temporary or transitory purpose. Cookies are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses. Country refers to: California, United States Data Controller , for the purposes of the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), refers to the Company as the legal person which alone or jointly with others determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data. Device means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet. Do Not Track (DNT) is a concept that has been promoted by US regulatory authorities, in particular the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC), for the Internet industry to develop and implement a mechanism for allowing internet users to control the tracking of their online activities across websites. Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual. For the purposes for GDPR, Personal Data means any information relating to You such as a name, an identification number, location data, online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity. For the purposes of the CCPA, Personal Data means any information that identifies, relates to, describes or is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with You. Sale , for the purpose of the CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act), means selling, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a Consumer's Personal information to another business or a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration. Service refers to the Website. Service Provider means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used. For the purpose of the GDPR, Service Providers are considered Data Processors. Third-party Social Media Service refers to any website or any social network website through which a User can log in or create an account to use the Service. Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit). Website refers to Luminas, accessible from https://www.luminas.com You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable. Under GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), You can be referred to as the Data Subject or as the User as you are the individual using the Service. Collecting and Using Your Personal Data Types of Data Collected Personal Data While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to: Email address First name and last name Phone number Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City Usage Data Usage Data Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service. Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data. When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data. We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device. Tracking Technologies and Cookies We use Cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on Our Service and store certain information. Tracking technologies used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze Our Service. You can instruct Your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a Cookie is being sent. However, if You do not accept Cookies, You may not be able to use some parts of our Service. Cookies can be "Persistent" or "Session" Cookies. Persistent Cookies remain on your personal computer or mobile device when You go offline, while Session Cookies are deleted as soon as You close your web browser. Learn more about cookies: All About Cookies . We use both session and persistent Cookies for the purposes set out below: Necessary / Essential Cookies Type: Session Cookies Administered by: Us Purpose: These Cookies are essential to provide You with services available through the Website and to enable You to use some of its features. They help to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts. Without these Cookies, the services that You have asked for cannot be provided, and We only use these Cookies to provide You with those services. Cookies Policy / Notice Acceptance Cookies Type: Persistent Cookies Administered by: Us Purpose: These Cookies identify if users have accepted the use of cookies on the Website. Functionality Cookies Type: Persistent Cookies Administered by: Us Purpose: These Cookies allow us to remember choices You make when You use the Website, such as remembering your login details or language preference. The purpose of these Cookies is to provide You with a more personal experience and to avoid You having to re-enter your preferences every time You use the Website. Tracking and Performance Cookies Type: Persistent Cookies Administered by: Third-Parties Purpose: These Cookies are used to track information about traffic to the Website and how users use the Website. The information gathered via these Cookies may directly or indirectly identify you as an individual visitor. This is because the information collected is typically linked to a pseudonymous identifier associated with the device you use to access the Website. We may also use these Cookies to test new pages, features or new functionality of the Website to see how our users react to them. For more information about the cookies we use and your choices regarding cookies, please visit our Cookies Policy or the Cookies section of our Privacy Policy. Use of Your Personal Data The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes: To provide and maintain our Service , including to monitor the usage of our Service. To manage Your Account: to manage Your registration as a user of the Service. The Personal Data You provide can give You access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to You as a registered user. For the performance of a contract: the development, compliance and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items or services You have purchased or of any other contract with Us through the Service. To contact You: To contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application's push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation. To provide You with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless You have opted not to receive such information. To manage Your requests: To attend and manage Your requests to Us. We may share your personal information in the following situations: With Service Providers: We may share Your personal information with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service, to advertise on third party websites to You after You visited our Service, for payment processing, to contact You. For Business transfers: We may share or transfer Your personal information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company. With Affiliates: We may share Your information with Our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include Our parent company and any other subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that We control or that are under common control with Us. With Business partners: We may share Your information with Our business partners to offer You certain products, services or promotions. With other users: when You share personal information or otherwise interact in the public areas with other users, such information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside. If You interact with other users or register through a Third-Party Social Media Service, Your contacts on the Third-Party Social Media Service may see Your name, profile, pictures and description of Your activity. Similarly, other users will be able to view descriptions of Your activity, communicate with You and view Your profile. Retention of Your Personal Data The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies. The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods. Transfer of Your Personal Data Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer. The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information. Disclosure of Your Personal Data Business Transactions If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy. Law enforcement Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency). Other legal requirements The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: Comply with a legal obligation Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public Protect against legal liability Security of Your Personal Data The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security. Detailed Information on the Processing of Your Personal Data Service Providers have access to Your Personal Data only to perform their tasks on Our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. Analytics We may use third-party Service providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service. Google Analytics Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy Email Marketing We may use Your Personal Data to contact You with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to You. You may opt-out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from Us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email We send or by contacting Us. We may use Email Marketing Service Providers to manage and send emails to You. Hubspot Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy Klaviyo Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.klaviyo.com/privacy/policy SMS Marketing LUMINAS Energy collects mobile numbers with the explicit consent of it's users for marketing purposes. We collect this information through our website. Users must willingly provide their information and provide consent in order to be messaged. Users who consent agree to messaged regarding promotional content, educational purposes, updates regarding their order status, or information about the company. Users have the option at anytime to opt-out of the SMS program. The website uses cookies to help keep track of items you put into your shopping cart, including when you have abandoned your cart or have browsed an item. This information is used to determine when to send cart reminder messages via SMS. Payments We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we may use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors). We will not store or collect Your payment card details. That information is provided directly to Our third-party payment processors whose use of Your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information. PayPal Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.paypal.com/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full Behavioral Remarketing The Company uses remarketing services to advertise on third party websites to You after You visited our Service. We and Our third-party vendors use cookies to inform, optimize and serve ads based on Your past visits to our Service. Google Ads (AdWords) Google Ads (AdWords) remarketing service is provided by Google Inc. You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customise the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page: http://www.google.com/settings/ads Google also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on - https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout - for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy Facebook Facebook remarketing service is provided by Facebook Inc. You can learn more about interest-based advertising from Facebook by visiting this page: https://www.facebook.com/help/164968693837950 To opt-out from Facebook's interest-based ads, follow these instructions from Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217 Facebook adheres to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioural Advertising established by the Digital Advertising Alliance. You can also opt-out from Facebook and other participating companies through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the USA http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ , the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada in Canada http://youradchoices.ca/ or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance in Europe http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ , or opt-out using your mobile device settings. For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit Facebook's Data Policy: https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation Instagram Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://help.instagram.com/325135857663734/ GDPR Privacy Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data under GDPR We may process Personal Data under the following conditions: Consent: You have given Your consent for processing Personal Data for one or more specific purposes. Performance of a contract: Provision of Personal Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with You and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof. Legal obligations: Processing Personal Data is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Company is subject. Vital interests: Processing Personal Data is necessary in order to protect Your vital interests or of another natural person. Public interests: Processing Personal Data is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Company. Legitimate interests: Processing Personal Data is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Company. In any case, the Company will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract. Your Rights under the GDPR The Company undertakes to respect the confidentiality of Your Personal Data and to guarantee You can exercise Your rights. You have the right under this Privacy Policy, and by law if You are within the EU, to: Request access to Your Personal Data. The right to access, update or delete the information We have on You. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of Your Personal Data directly within Your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact Us to assist You. This also enables You to receive a copy of the Personal Data We hold about You. Request correction of the Personal Data that We hold about You. You have the right to to have any incomplete or inaccurate information We hold about You corrected. Object to processing of Your Personal Data. This right exists where We are relying on a legitimate interest as the legal basis for Our processing and there is something about Your particular situation, which makes You want to object to our processing of Your Personal Data on this ground. You also have the right to object where We are processing Your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes. Request erasure of Your Personal Data. You have the right to ask Us to delete or remove Personal Data when there is no good reason for Us to continue processing it. Request the transfer of Your Personal Data. We will provide to You, or to a third-party You have chosen, Your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Please note that this right only applies to automated information which You initially provided consent for Us to use or where We used the information to perform a contract with You. Withdraw Your consent. You have the right to withdraw Your consent on using your Personal Data. If You withdraw Your consent, We may not be able to provide You with access to certain specific functionalities of the Service. Exercising of Your GDPR Data Protection Rights You may exercise Your rights of access, rectification, cancellation and opposition by contacting Us. Please note that we may ask You to verify Your identity before responding to such requests. If You make a request, We will try our best to respond to You as soon as possible. You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about Our collection and use of Your Personal Data. For more information, if You are in the European Economic Area (EEA), please contact Your local data protection authority in the EEA. CCPA Privacy Your Rights under the CCPA Under this Privacy Policy, and by law if You are a resident of California, You have the following rights: The right to notice. You must be properly notified which categories of Personal Data are being collected and the purposes for which the Personal Data is being used. The right to access / the right to request. The CCPA permits You to request and obtain from the Company information regarding the disclosure of Your Personal Data that has been collected in the past 12 months by the Company or its subsidiaries to a third-party for the third party's direct marketing purposes. The right to say no to the sale of Personal Data. You also have the right to ask the Company not to sell Your Personal Data to third parties. You can submit such a request by visiting our "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" section or web page. The right to know about Your Personal Data. You have the right to request and obtain from the Company information regarding the disclosure of the following: The categories of Personal Data collected The sources from which the Personal Data was collected The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling the Personal Data Categories of third parties with whom We share Personal Data The specific pieces of Personal Data we collected about You The right to delete Personal Data. You also have the right to request the deletion of Your Personal Data that have been collected in the past 12 months. The right not to be discriminated against. You have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of Your Consumer's rights, including by: Denying goods or services to You Charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties Providing a different level or quality of goods or services to You Suggesting that You will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services. Exercising Your CCPA Data Protection Rights In order to exercise any of Your rights under the CCPA, and if you are a California resident, You can email or call us or visit our "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" section or web page. The Company will disclose and deliver the required information free of charge within 45 days of receiving Your verifiable request. The time period to provide the required information may be extended once by an additional 45 days when reasonable necessary and with prior notice. Do Not Sell My Personal Information We do not sell personal information. However, the Service Providers we partner with (for example, our advertising partners) may use technology on the Service that "sells" personal information as defined by the CCPA law. If you wish to opt out of the use of your personal information for interest-based advertising purposes and these potential sales as defined under CCPA law, you may do so by following the instructions below. Please note that any opt out is specific to the browser You use. You may need to opt out on every browser that you use. Website You can opt out of receiving ads that are personalized as served by our Service Providers by following our instructions presented on the Service: From Our "Cookie Consent" notice banner Or from Our "CCPA Opt-out" notice banner Or from Our "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" notice banner Or from Our "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" link The opt out will place a cookie on Your computer that is unique to the browser You use to opt out. If you change browsers or delete the cookies saved by your browser, you will need to opt out again. Mobile Devices Your mobile device may give you the ability to opt out of the use of information about the apps you use in order to serve you ads that are targeted to your interests: "Opt out of Interest-Based Ads" or "Opt out of Ads Personalization" on Android devices "Limit Ad Tracking" on iOS devices You can also stop the collection of location information from Your mobile device by changing the preferences on your mobile device. Untitled AI Privacy Policy We gather various types of Personal Information from our users, as explained more fully below. We may use this Personal Information to personalize and improve our services, to allow our users to set up a user account and profile, to contact users, to fulfill your requests for certain products and services, to analyze how users utilize the Website, and as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy. We collect the following types of information: (a) Information You Provide to Us: We receive and store any information you knowingly provide to us. For example, we may collect Personal Information including but not limited to your name, email address, location, IP address, and other browser cookie information. We may collect other Personal Information you provide us through your use of our services. (b) Information Collected Automatically: When you visit our website, log in, register, or open an email, cookies, ad beacons, and similar technologies may be used by our online data partners or vendors to associate these activities with information they or others have about you, including your email address and other personal information. We (or service providers on our behalf) may then send communications and marketing to these email addresses. You may opt out of receiving this advertising by visiting {insert your website domain} and clicking on the opt-out links in the footer of the website. “Cookies” are identifiers we transfer to your computer through your browser that allow us to recognize your browser, and also tell us how and when pages in our site are visited, and by how many people. You may be able to change the preferences on your browser to prevent or limit your computer’s acceptance of cookies, but this may prevent you from taking advantage of the best features of our Website. Our advertising partners may also transmit cookies to your computer when you click on content and ads that appear on our site. This Privacy Policy does not cover the use of cookies by any third-party advertisers. (c) E-mail and Other Communications: We may contact you by email or other means; for example, we may send you promotional offers on behalf of our business or other businesses, or communicate with you about your use of the Website. Also, we may receive a confirmation notice when you open an email from us. This confirmation helps us make emails more interesting and improve our service. (d) Additional Information: We may collect and store information that your computer or mobile device provides to us in connection with your use of the Website, such as the type of computer or mobile device, unique device ID, the advertiser ID of the device, IP address, MAC address, the operating system of the device, and the physical location of the device (including geographic, beacon based, and/or GPS location). (e) Opting Out: If you would like to opt-out of (b) Information Collected Automatically, visit https://getuntitled.ai/do-not-sell-my-info . Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal at: http://optout.aboutads.info/ . If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below. Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States. "Do Not Track" Policy as Required by California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA) Our Service does not respond to Do Not Track signals. However, some third party websites do keep track of Your browsing activities. If You are visiting such websites, You can set Your preferences in Your web browser to inform websites that You do not want to be tracked. You can enable or disable DNT by visiting the preferences or settings page of Your web browser. Your California Privacy Rights (California's Shine the Light law) Under California Civil Code Section 1798 (California's Shine the Light law), California residents with an established business relationship with us can request information once a year about sharing their Personal Data with third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. If you'd like to request more information under the California Shine the Light law, and if you are a California resident, You can contact Us using the contact information provided below. California Privacy Rights for Minor Users (California Business and Professions Code Section 22581) California Business and Professions Code section 22581 allow California residents under the age of 18 who are registered users of online sites, services or applications to request and obtain removal of content or information they have publicly posted. To request removal of such data, and if you are a California resident, You can contact Us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with Your account. Be aware that Your request does not guarantee complete or comprehensive removal of content or information posted online and that the law may not permit or require removal in certain circumstances. Links to Other Websites Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services. Changes to this Privacy Policy We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page. Contact Us If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us: By email: care@luminas.com By phone number: 1 (844) 366-1400 Clinically Tested & Proven 30-Day Money Back Guarantee Friendly Customer Support © 2025 LUMINAS Energy. Privacy policy Refund policy Shipping policy Terms of service Do not sell or share my personal information Country/region United States (USD $) United States (USD $) American Express Apple Pay Bancontact Diners Club Discover Google Pay iDEAL JCB Mastercard PayPal Shop Pay Venmo Visa Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh. Opens in a new window.

==================================================

https://luminas.com/products/sleep-patches
LUMINAS Power Sleep - Natural Deep Sleep Aid Support Patches – LUMINAS Energy Skip to content Clinically Proven Natural Pain Relief 🧬 Clinically Proven Natural Pain Relief 🧬 Login Facebook X (Twitter) Instagram Search Site navigation LUMINAS Energy Search Login Your Cart 0 Site navigation Your Cart 0 Your Cart Your cart is currently empty. Not sure where to start? Try these collections: All products Order special instructions Order note Apply Subtotal $0.00 Checkout Search Search Clear We use cookies This site uses cookies for better user experience and analytics. Accept Decline Power Sleep - Natural Deep Sleep Aid Support Patches $36.99 Contains: 60 Power Sleep Patches (1" rounds) Quantity Add to cart Experience deeper, more restorative sleep with Power Sleep Patches. Designed to help you wake up refreshed and ready to tackle the day, these patches are perfect for anyone struggling with frequent awakenings in the middle of the night or feeling unrested in the morning. Harnessing the same proprietary technology as our LUMINAS Relief Patches, Power Sleep Patches are charged with natural electrons from sources known to support sleep. How To Use Apply 1 patch below each ear before bedtime or nap time. Remove when you wake. Repeat nightly. Clinically Tested & Proven 30-Day Money Back Guarantee Friendly Customer Support Pairs well with Share: Share on Facebook Share on X Share by Email Share Share Facebook Share on Facebook X (Twitter) Share on X E-mail Share by Email Power Sleep - Natural Deep Sleep Aid Support Patches $36.99 Add to cart Key Benefits 100% Chemical-Free Clear-Headed and Fresh Science-Backed Results Odor-free Easy to apply Non-Habit Forming Backed by Science & Clinically-Proven Our patches are clinically proven to: • Reduce pain and inflammation • Hold and release a discreet charge Using the clinical VAS Pain Scale, pain was reduced from an average of 7.1 to 4.0. Reduced Inflammation For 94% of Patients! Using digital infrared thermography, skin temperature (inflammation) was notably reduced. How Our Patches Work Each patch contains a complex electrical charge embedded in its unique Mylar® construction. This intelligent charge is then transferred to the body via the galvanic skin response. Start with a Specialized Patch Made from a unique material capable of holding free electrons– i.e., an electrical charge. Intelligently Charged with Our Technology Each patch is charged for 60-hours with our proprietary electroceutical charging technology. Apply to Activate Once applied to the skin, the stored charge is slowly transferred to the body via the Galvanic Skin Response. Feel the Results Most users experience relief within minutes, with effects lasting up to  24 hours — no chemicals, no drugs. Join the Millions Who Trust Our Patches Powerful Patches. Proven Results. "No signs of inflammation" “The pain went away immediately and I retested with no signs of inflammation.” — Pamela M. LUMINAS "Less pills to take." I like that I don't have to take so many supplements. Haven't been sick so I guess it helps. I use the pain patches and they definitely help. — Diane B. LUMINAS "Immunity Enhanced" I wear an immunity patch whenever I leave my home to go out into the public. I feel it gives me extra protection against viruses and germs. — Angela S. STAMINAPRO "Best patch ever!" Very pleased with how they help with my foot neuropathy and hip pain. — Jennel W. LUMINAS “In less than 5 minutes, the pain  was 95% lessened.” — Nanette E. LUMINAS Write Review Sort Clear Filters Order By Newest First Oldest First Most Popular Highest Rating Breakdown 0 0 0 0 0 Search: Product Reviews FAQs What is in the patch? Each patch is charged with the electron signatures of ingredients known to reduce pain and inflammation in the body. Our patches have a thin layer of Mylar, which is a capacitive material that’s able to hold the energetic charge of these ingredients. Once the patch is placed onto the skin, the body’s energetic field (known as the Galvanic Skin Response) induces the flow of electrons from the patch into the body. Our patches use 100% natural ingredients and are free of drugs and chemicals. Our patches contain NO active ingredients, only the electron signatures of each. Is the use of LUMINAS Relief patches considered safe during pregnancy and for children? Our electroceutical patches are safe for people of all ages and may be worn during and after pregnancy. Our patches have no active ingredients, only electrons from natural ingredients. How do I return an item for a refund or exchange? Absolutely. We want you to be thrilled with your purchase. However, if you need to return or exchange an item, we're here to help. You can return most of your first-time purchases within 30 days of receiving them for a full refund. To be eligible for a refund or exchange, your items must be unused and in the same condition that you received it. Please email us at care@luminas.com or call us at (844) 244-1400 with your order number and products you are looking to return or exchange, so we can provide you with steps on how to complete your refund/exchange. How soon will you ship my order? Excited to receive your order? So are we! Just make sure to place your order before 5:00 pm Pacific Standard Time and we'll do our best to get it to you as soon as possible. If you place your order after 5:00 pm PST or over the weekend, don't worry. We'll have it on its way to you within two business days. Think of it as a little extra time for us to prepare a perfect package for you! How long does shipping take? The following are approximate delivery times from the ship date: For USA Orders Most packages will arrive within 3-5 business days with standard priority shipping but we always do our best to get shipments to you sooner. We also offer 1-3 business days for expedited shipping ($30) if you would like your patches shipped faster. For International Orders Most packages will arrive within 7-14 business days but we always do our best to get shipments to you sooner. Do you provide international shipping? Yes. We currently ship to 35 countries worldwide! Do you provide Express Shipping? Yes. For U.S. orders, express shipping is available for $30.00. This shipping method typically delivers orders within 1-3 business days. Clinically Tested & Proven 30-Day Money Back Guarantee Friendly Customer Support © 2025 LUMINAS Energy. Privacy policy Refund policy Shipping policy Terms of service Do not sell or share my personal information Country/region United States (USD $) United States (USD $) American Express Apple Pay Bancontact Diners Club Discover Google Pay iDEAL JCB Mastercard PayPal Shop Pay Venmo Visa Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh. Opens in a new window.

==================================================

https://www.luminas.com/
LUMINAS: Clinically Backed, Long-Lasting Pain Relief Patches – LUMINAS Energy Skip to content Clinically Proven Natural Pain Relief 🧬 Clinically Proven Natural Pain Relief 🧬 Login Facebook X (Twitter) Instagram Search Site navigation LUMINAS Energy LUMINAS Energy Search Login Your Cart 0 Site navigation Your Cart 0 Your Cart Your cart is currently empty. Not sure where to start? Try these collections: All products Order special instructions Order note Apply Subtotal $0.00 Checkout Search Search Clear We use cookies This site uses cookies for better user experience and analytics. Accept Decline Pause slideshow Play slideshow THE PAIN PATCH THAT WORKS! 30 Million Sold ➜ Used by 1000's of Pro Athletes ➜ Clinically Proven & Studied ➜ No Chemicals, No Toxins Shop Now Clinically Proven & Studied Charge tested at the University of California, Irvine (UCI) Shop now No Toxins, No Odor, No Side Effects. Shop now Used by 1000's of Pro Athletes Shop now Proprietary Electroceutical Charging Shop now Page 1 Page 2 Page 3 Page 4 Page 5 Join the Millions Who Trust LUMINAS With over 30 million patches sold , the verdict is in—LUMINAS patches work! The most effective, drug-free solution for pain  and inflammation – nothing else comes close. BUY NOW “In less than 5 minutes, the pain  was 95% lessened.” — Nanette E., Verified Buyer “The pain went away immediately and  I retested with no signs of inflammation.” — - Pamela M., Verified Buyer “Helps immensely with the inflammation and pain I deal with on a daily basis.” — - Dawn Z., Verified Buyer “So much better for your body  than medication.” — Kay P., Verified Buyer “The relief it gives my back is instant!” — Tresia B., Verified Buyer “I keep a supply at hand all the time.” — - Lizabeth W., Verified Buyer “I was amazed at the amount of pain relief I experienced!” — - Bert J., Verified Buyer “After using the Relief patches daily, the pain is gone!” — - Nellie C., Verified Buyer Backed by Science & Clinically-Proven Our patches are clinically proven to: • Reduce pain and inflammation • Hold and release a discreet charge Significant Pain Reduction For 90% of Patients! Using the clinical VAS Pain Scale, pain was reduced from an average of 7.1 to 4.0. Using digital infrared thermography, skin temperature (inflammation) was notably reduced. Reduced Inflammation For 94% of   Patients! Using digital infrared thermography, skin temperature (inflammation) was notably reduced. Trusted by 1000’s of Pro Athletes For over 5 years, top athletes from Professional Football, Golf, Baseball, Basketball, Tennis, MMA, Olympic Sports, and more have relied on LUMINAS and their pro product line STAMINAPRO to reduce their frequent pain and inflammation. Professional athletes have access to the latest and greatest technology, and their choice is clear – LUMINAS! How LUMINAS Works Each patch contains a complex electrical charge embedded in its unique Mylar® construction. This intelligent charge is then transferred to the body via the galvanic skin response. Each patch contains a specifically developed charge to create the desired effect. Start with a Specialized Patch Made from a unique material capable of holding free electrons– i.e., an electrical charge. Intelligently Charged with Our Technology Each patch is charged for 60-hours with our proprietary electroceutical charging technology. Apply to Activate Once applied to the skin, the stored charge is slowly transferred to the body via the Galvanic Skin Response. Feel the Results Most users experience relief within minutes, with effects lasting up to 24 hours — no chemicals, no drugs. Feel the Results The Pain Patch that Works! BUY NOW Max Patch $37.99 The Max Patch contains an intelligent charge that is designed to reduce pain and inflammation on the human body. Each patch was charged for 60 hours with LUMINAS' proprietary technology . Quantity Add to cart This item is a recurring or deferred purchase. By continuing, I agree to the cancellation policy and authorize you to charge my payment method at the prices, frequency and dates listed on this page until my order is fulfilled or I cancel, if permitted. View full details Us vs. The Other Guys Faster Recovery Better Performance STAMINAPRO patches use LUMINAS Electroceutical Charging Technology to deliver non-toxic, drug-free support to reduce inflammation. Less inflammation means faster recovery and ultimately better performance. Shop Now For performance Wear before and/or during physical activity. Water-Resistant Stays on & charged throughout the elements. For recovery Wear patches after physical activity. 100% Natural Safe for any age, sport, and competitive level. Shop our products LUMINAS STAMINAPRO SHOP ALL LUMINAS Pain Relief Patches Tan (Large 20-Pack) $41.99 LUMINAS Pain Relief Patches (Large 20-Pack) $41.99 Max Patch $37.99 Peace Patch $26.99 Clinically Tested & Proven 30-Day Money Back Guarantee Friendly Customer Support © 2025 LUMINAS Energy. Privacy policy Refund policy Shipping policy Terms of service Do not sell or share my personal information Country/region United States (USD $) United States (USD $) American Express Apple Pay Bancontact Diners Club Discover Google Pay iDEAL JCB Mastercard PayPal Shop Pay Venmo Visa Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh. Opens in a new window.

==================================================

https://luminas.com/products/pain-relief-patches-sca_clone_freegift
LUMINAS Relief - 24 Hour Natural Pain Relief Patches – LUMINAS Energy Skip to content Clinically Proven Natural Pain Relief 🧬 Clinically Proven Natural Pain Relief 🧬 Login Facebook X (Twitter) Instagram Search Site navigation LUMINAS Energy Search Login Your Cart 0 Site navigation Your Cart 0 Your Cart Your cart is currently empty. Not sure where to start? Try these collections: All products Order special instructions Order note Apply Subtotal $0.00 Checkout Search Search Clear We use cookies This site uses cookies for better user experience and analytics. Accept Decline Relief - 24 Hour Natural Pain Relief Patches $41.99 Contains: 12 Large Patches (2.75” x 4”) 12 Medium Patches (1.5” x 2.75”) Quantity Add to cart Discover the power of natural, targeted pain relief with LUMINAS Relief Electroceutical Patches. Designed to work directly with your body, these patches provide long-lasting relief without drugs or chemicals so you can embrace natural relief with confidence and ease. These are our Extra Sticky Patches which are made with a stronger, water-resistant adhesive. They are perfect for active users, or situations where the patches need extra holding power due to sweat or oily skin. How it works LUMINAS Pain Relief Patches are a revolutionary method for reducing pain and inflammation. Easy to use, simply peel and stick the patch near the area of pain. Our natural pain relief patches have helped millions of normal people find relief from chronic and acute pain of all types. Effective Pain Relief For • Joint Pain • Sprains and Strains • Headaches • Neck and Shoulder Pain • Back Pain and Hip Pain • Arm and Elbow Pain • Wrist and Hand Pain • Leg and Knee Pain • Shin, Ankle, and Foot Pain • Bumps and Bruises • Menstrual Cramps • Muscle Tension • And more Clinically Tested & Proven 30-Day Money Back Guarantee Friendly Customer Support Pairs well with Share: Share on Facebook Share on X Share by Email Share Share Facebook Share on Facebook X (Twitter) Share on X E-mail Share by Email Relief - 24 Hour Natural Pain Relief Patches $41.99 Add to cart Key Benefits Fast-acting pain relief Lasts up to 24 hours Medication-free and chemical-free Odor-free Easy to apply Effective for various types of pain Backed by Science & Clinically-Proven Our patches are clinically proven to: • Reduce pain and inflammation • Hold and release a discreet charge Using the clinical VAS Pain Scale, pain was reduced from an average of 7.1 to 4.0. Reduced Inflammation For 94% of Patients! Using digital infrared thermography, skin temperature (inflammation) was notably reduced. How Our Patches Work Each patch contains a complex electrical charge embedded in its unique Mylar® construction. This intelligent charge is then transferred to the body via the galvanic skin response. Start with a Specialized Patch Made from a unique material capable of holding free electrons– i.e., an electrical charge. Intelligently Charged with Our Technology Each patch is charged for 60-hours with our proprietary electroceutical charging technology. Apply to Activate Once applied to the skin, the stored charge is slowly transferred to the body via the Galvanic Skin Response. Feel the Results Most users experience relief within minutes, with effects lasting up to  24 hours — no chemicals, no drugs. Join the Millions Who Trust Our Patches Powerful Patches. Proven Results. "No signs of inflammation" “The pain went away immediately and I retested with no signs of inflammation.” — Pamela M. LUMINAS "Less pills to take." I like that I don't have to take so many supplements. Haven't been sick so I guess it helps. I use the pain patches and they definitely help. — Diane B. LUMINAS "Immunity Enhanced" I wear an immunity patch whenever I leave my home to go out into the public. I feel it gives me extra protection against viruses and germs. — Angela S. STAMINAPRO "Best patch ever!" Very pleased with how they help with my foot neuropathy and hip pain. — Jennel W. LUMINAS “In less than 5 minutes, the pain  was 95% lessened.” — Nanette E. LUMINAS Write Review Sort Clear Filters Order By Newest First Oldest First Most Popular Highest Rating Breakdown 0 0 0 0 0 Search: Product Reviews FAQs What is in the patch? Each patch is charged with the electron signatures of ingredients known to reduce pain and inflammation in the body. Our patches have a thin layer of Mylar, which is a capacitive material that’s able to hold the energetic charge of these ingredients. Once the patch is placed onto the skin, the body’s energetic field (known as the Galvanic Skin Response) induces the flow of electrons from the patch into the body. Our patches use 100% natural ingredients and are free of drugs and chemicals. Our patches contain NO active ingredients, only the electron signatures of each. Is the use of LUMINAS Relief patches considered safe during pregnancy and for children? Our electroceutical patches are safe for people of all ages and may be worn during and after pregnancy. Our patches have no active ingredients, only electrons from natural ingredients. How do I return an item for a refund or exchange? Absolutely. We want you to be thrilled with your purchase. However, if you need to return or exchange an item, we're here to help. You can return most of your first-time purchases within 30 days of receiving them for a full refund. To be eligible for a refund or exchange, your items must be unused and in the same condition that you received it. Please email us at care@luminas.com or call us at (844) 244-1400 with your order number and products you are looking to return or exchange, so we can provide you with steps on how to complete your refund/exchange. How soon will you ship my order? Excited to receive your order? So are we! Just make sure to place your order before 5:00 pm Pacific Standard Time and we'll do our best to get it to you as soon as possible. If you place your order after 5:00 pm PST or over the weekend, don't worry. We'll have it on its way to you within two business days. Think of it as a little extra time for us to prepare a perfect package for you! How long does shipping take? The following are approximate delivery times from the ship date: For USA Orders Most packages will arrive within 3-5 business days with standard priority shipping but we always do our best to get shipments to you sooner. We also offer 1-3 business days for expedited shipping ($30) if you would like your patches shipped faster. For International Orders Most packages will arrive within 7-14 business days but we always do our best to get shipments to you sooner. Do you provide international shipping? Yes. We currently ship to 35 countries worldwide! Do you provide Express Shipping? Yes. For U.S. orders, express shipping is available for $30.00. This shipping method typically delivers orders within 1-3 business days. Clinically Tested & Proven 30-Day Money Back Guarantee Friendly Customer Support © 2025 LUMINAS Energy. Privacy policy Refund policy Shipping policy Terms of service Do not sell or share my personal information Country/region United States (USD $) United States (USD $) American Express Apple Pay Bancontact Diners Club Discover Google Pay iDEAL JCB Mastercard PayPal Shop Pay Venmo Visa Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh. Opens in a new window.

==================================================

